DEVPROD-13512: Disable task generation in Genny. (#1284)
mongodb/genny: evergreen/system_perf/README.md

# Auto-generated Genny Tasks

!!! warning AutoRun in Genny is deprecated and no longer used

    AutoRun is no longer available in Genny. This documentation is
    kept for historical purposes only.

This folder contains the task defintions and buildvariant assignments for the
Genny workloads with `AutoRun` sections. They are kept for backwards 
compatibility purposes only for older versions of the mongo repository, 
and should not be modified.

> Any modifications to what Genny tasks should run should happen in the Evergreen

Reviewer: Same nit as above:

```suggestion
Any modifications regarding which Genny tasks to run should happen in the Evergreen
```
